README.md, before:

# DuckPirates



## 2D pirate game developed in java



**Game development project for Engineering 1 module**

## Project by students at the University of York:
- [James](https://github.com/booksaw)
- [Robert](https://github.com/r0b-ert)
- [Dan](https://github.com/dan-wade42)
- [Charlie](https://github.com/CharlieCrosley)
- [Marc](https://github.com/Anon0x19)
- [Alice](https://github.com/sagedied)

## Credits

### Main Game

#### Background music

https://www.playonloop.com/2020-music-loops/misty-dungeon/

#### Ocean Sound Effects

https://www.edinburghrecords.com/product/ocean-sounds/

### Constantine College 

#### Background music credit

Beach by MusicbyAden & Jurgance | https://soundcloud.com/musicbyaden
https://soundcloud.com/jurgance

Music promoted by https://www.free-stock-music.com
Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0)
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

#### Countdown buzzer sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/beep/ - System beep buzzer fail

#### Horn sound effect
https://www.freesfx.co.uk/sfx/air-horn - Air Horn Blast

#### Win sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/win/ - Unlock game notification

#### Lose sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/lose/ - Retro arcade game over

#### Go sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/click/ - Select click

### Goodricke College

#### Background Music

https://www.bensound.com/royalty-free-music/track/epic

#### Fruit destroy sound effect

https://www.dreamstime.com/stock-music-sound-effect/squish.html - Squish Footstep Watery Grass 3

#### Background music

https://www.bensound.com/royalty-free-music/track/epic

### General

#### Coins

https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/coin/ - Space coin win notification

#### Cannon shot sound effect



#### Cannon explode sound effect

Commit message:

Add music and sound effect credits

README.md, after:

# DuckPirates



## 2D pirate game developed in java



**Game development project for Engineering 1 module**

## Project by students at the University of York:
- [James](https://github.com/booksaw)
- [Robert](https://github.com/r0b-ert)
- [Dan](https://github.com/dan-wade42)
- [Charlie](https://github.com/CharlieCrosley)
- [Marc](https://github.com/Anon0x19)
- [Alice](https://github.com/sagedied)

## Music and Sound Effect Credits

### Main Game

#### Background music

https://www.playonloop.com/2020-music-loops/misty-dungeon/

#### Ocean Sound Effects

https://www.edinburghrecords.com/product/ocean-sounds/

### Constantine College 

#### Background music credit

Beach by MusicbyAden & Jurgance | https://soundcloud.com/musicbyaden
https://soundcloud.com/jurgance

Music promoted by https://www.free-stock-music.com
Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International (CC BY-ND 4.0)
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/

#### Countdown buzzer sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/beep/ - System beep buzzer fail

#### Horn sound effect
https://www.freesfx.co.uk/sfx/air-horn - Air Horn Blast

#### Win sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/win/ - Unlock game notification

#### Lose sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/lose/ - Retro arcade game over

#### Go sound effect
https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/click/ - Select click

### Goodricke College

#### Background Music

https://www.bensound.com/royalty-free-music/track/epic

#### Fruit destroy sound effect

https://www.dreamstime.com/stock-music-sound-effect/squish.html - Squish Footstep Watery Grass 3

#### Background music

https://www.bensound.com/royalty-free-music/track/epic

### General

#### Coins

https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/coin/ - Space coin win notification

#### Cannon shot sound effect

https://www.nps.gov/subjects/sound/sounds-cannon.htm

#### Cannon explode sound effect

https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/explosion/ - Gun Explosion with Long Echo
